README.md, before:

# Color Your World

[![Hugo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugo-%5E0.73.0-ff4088?logo=hugo)](https://gohugo.io/)
[![License](https://badgen.net/badge/license/MIT/blue)](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://badgen.net/badge/icon/buy%20me%20a%20coffee?icon=buymeacoffee&label&color=ff5f5f)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/rmaguiar)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/fcc6d88f-4913-4716-be24-1888c3acaa03/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/color-your-world-demo/deploys)

* [Live demo (on Netlify)](https://color-your-world-demo.netlify.app/)
* [Demo (on Hugo Themes)](https://themes.gohugo.io/theme/hugo-theme-color-your-world/)

**Color Your World** is a [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) theme developed around a single experiment that led me to this:

![HTML color picker with 12 presets.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/color-picker.png)

It's a HTML color picker. Along with some vanilla JS, it allows anyone to change what I'll be calling here... the **accent color**, a color used mostly in interactive elements.

I liked the result so much that I decided to use it on my main site, but I also want to share it, in case anyone wants to tinker with it.

It makes heavy use of [Hugo Pipes](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes) and I highly recommend using `--minify` when building!

I've been working on this theme for so long that there are features I don't even remember anymore... But here are *some*:

* Customizable light/dark mode;
* Customizable "accent color" (in an user-level);
* Keyboard-friendly;
* Privacy-aware to an extent (no Google Analytics/Fonts, Disqus, etc);
* Social shortcode including centralized and decentralized platforms;
* Contact form shortcode (via [Formspree](https://formspree.io/));
* Open Graph, Twitter Cards and Structured Data (schema.org) meta tags;
* Responsive images via image processing;
* Basic search functionality via [Fuse.js](https://github.com/krisk/Fuse);
* Image lazy loading;
* **noscript** capable to an extent (except for KaTeX and search functionality).


## Screenshots

![Theme screenshot in dark mode.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/screenshot.png)

![Theme screenshot in light mode.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/screenshot2.png)

## Requirements

* Hugo Extended
* Minimum version: 0.73.0

## Installation

If you have git installed, you can do the following at the CLI within the Hugo directory:

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world.git themes/color-your-world
```

For more information read the [Hugo official setup guide](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/).

## Customization

### Light/dark mode colors

Both color palettes can be found in `assets/scss/colors/variables.scss`.

### Accent color

By default, there are 2 accent colors plus 10 on the `exampleSite`, distributed into pairs.

You can change the default mode and accent colors in the config:

```toml
[params.style]

  # Dark mode as default
  # User preferences (site/system settings) will still have priority over it
  # The default is false
  isDark = true

  # Accent colors for light and dark mode respectively
  lightAccent  = "#225670" # Default is "#225670"
  darkAccent   = "#dd587c" # Default is "#dd587c"

  # More colors, pick as many as you want (not really sure if there's a limit)
  # Apparently these may not show up on every modern browser (ie.: Firefox)
  # There's no default value. Used here just as example
  presets = [ "#1f676b", "#f3a530", "#902b37", "#1dbc91", "#754e85", "#7fc121", "#a8314a", "#ff7433", "#3e6728", "#c063bd" ]
```

### Syntax highlighting

This theme comes with two chroma styles, meant to be used with light and dark mode respectively. These are **Solarized Dark** for light mode and **Monokai** for dark mode.

![Syntax highlighting in both dark and light modes.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/syntax-highlight.gif)

It's worth noting that I'm not using the original stylesheets, but modified stylesheets based on the [pygments-high-contrast-stylesheets](https://github.com/mpchadwick/pygments-high-contrast-stylesheets) (aka "WCAG AA passing Pygments stylesheets").

In case you want to change it, it can be found in `assets/scss/colors/chroma` as `light.scss` and `dark.scss`.

The lines below are **required** in your config file to make use of this feature:

```toml
[markup]
  [markup.highlight]
    noClasses = false
```

To disable it, you can just remove the `noClasses = false` (as its default value is `true`) and add the lines below:

```toml
[params]
  [params.style]
    useCustomChroma = false
```

## Image processing

By default, images with width equal or greater than 1280 pixels are processed (resized) into 3 resolutions: 1280x, 960x and 640x (this one with quality at 90, as opposed to the default 75).

You can change this behavior via config:

```toml
[params.imageProc]
  highRes   = [ "1280x", "1280w" ]
  mediumRes = [ "960x", "960w" ]
  lowRes    = [ "640x q90", "640w" ]
  # entry = [ resize options, condition ]
  
  # Images with width equal or greater this value
  # will be processed into the 3 resolutions above
  # Valid only for images rendered via markdown
  # The default value is 1280
  markupAutoResizeWidth = 1280
```

The shortcodes `img` and `figure` will **always** process images and cover images will *also* process resolutions for Open Graph (1200x630) and Twitter (1280x640).

## Shortcodes

The most complex shortcodes here are the `social` and `contact-form`. They can be used to inject a list of social platform links and a contact form, respectively.

### Social

Here I make a distinction between centralized and decentralized platforms.

Since decentralized platforms introduced the concept of "instances". It's not uncommon that a single person owns multiple accounts, in multiple instances, in the same platform.

This distinction should make the setup easier.

Here's an example of config file:

```toml
[params.social.centralized]
  facebook      = [ "<username>", "Zuckerburg" ]
  flickr        = [ "<username>" ]
  github        = [ "<username>" ]
  gitlab        = [ "<username>" ]
  instagram     = [ "<username>" ]
  keybase       = [ "<username>" ]
  linkedin      = [ "<username>" ]
  medium        = [ "<username>" ]
  reddit        = [ "<username>" ]
  snapchat      = [ "<username>" ]
  soundcloud    = [ "<username>" ]
  stackOverflow = [ "<username>" ]
  strava        = [ "<username>" ]
  telegram      = [ "<username>" ]
  twitch        = [ "<username>" ]
  twitter       = [ "<username>", "@birb" ]
  vimeo         = [ "<username>" ]
  whatsapp      = [ "<number>" ]
  xing          = [ "<username>" ]
  youtube       = [ "<channelid>" ]
  #entry         = [ "username", "label (optional)" ]
  
  # The "entry" here IS important. It's used to load the data.

[params.social.decentralized]

  [params.social.decentralized.element]
    1 = [ "https://app.element.io/#/user/<username>:matrix.org", "matrix.org" ]
    #entry = [ "full url", "label (required)" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.funkwhale]
    1 = [ "https://open.audio/<username>", "open.audio" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.mastodon]
    1 = [ "https://mastodon.social/<username>", "mastodon.social" ]
    2 = [ "https://mastodon.too/<username>", "mastodon.too" ]
    3 = [ "https://yet.another.one/<username>", "yet.another.one" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.matrix]
    1 = [ "https://matrix.to/#/<username>:matrix.org", "matrix.org" ]
    2 = [ "https://matrix.to/#/<username>:other.org", "other.org" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.peertube]
    1 = [ "https://peertube.something/accounts/<username>", "peertube.something" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.pixelfed]
    1 = [ "https://pixelfed.social/<username>", "pixelfed.social" ]
    
  # The "entry" here ISN'T important. It's used for nothing.
```

This information will also be used to generate social meta tags (ie.: rel="me" and Schema.org).

### Contact form

```toml
# Contact form shortcode
[params.contact]

  # formspree.io Form ID
  formspreeFormId = "example"
  
  # Autocomplete [on/off] and min character length for message
  autoComplete      = false # Default is false
  messageMinLength  = 140   # Default is 140
  
  # Subject
  # You can set a single value below (and it will cease to be a dropdown),
  # BUT KEEP IT AS AN ARRAY
  # It can also be disabled entirely (and it will turn into a text field)
  subject = [ 'Just saying "hi"', "I know what you did last winter", "... Is that a sloth?", "お前はもう死んでいる。" ]

  # Text placeholders. As usual, comment the lines if you don't want use them
  # The "subject" below will only be used if the "subject" above doesn't exist (ie.: commented/deleted)
  [params.contact.placeholder]
    name    = "Jane Doe"
    email   = "janedoe@example.com"
    subject = 'Just saying "hi"'
    message = "Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla nullam quis risus."
```


## Miscellaneous

### Rich content

Minimal effort was put here, since I don't use this feature. I recommend that you create your own `assets/scss/rich-content.scss`.

### 404

A **really** basic 404 page can be generated via config file by using:

```toml
[params.notFound]
  title         = "Page not found"
  description   = "This page was not found."
  paragraph     = "Nothing to see here, buddy."
```

### Custom front matter params

* `mainTitle` (string): Can be used to replace the `<title>` meta tag, if you wish it to be different from the `<h1>` (which will still use the `title` param);
* `sitemapExclude` (true|false): Can be used to exclude a page/section from the sitemap;
* `noindex` (true|false): Similar to the above. Can be used to exclude a page/section from being indexed (by bots or your own site). It will change the meta tag `robots` to `noindex` and the page(s) will not be added to the site's search index.

### Custom partials

* The site title can be replaced by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/site-title.html`;
* Custom favicons can be used by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/head-append.html`;
* Custom CSS can be imported into the main CSS file by creating a file named `static/css/custom.css` or `assets/scss/custom.scss`;
* The `footerText` param can be replaced by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/footer-text.html`.

### More params

More possible params for your config file (or front matter):

```toml
[params]
  
  # Site description
  description = "John Doe's personal website"
  
  # Author
  author      = "John Doe"
  authorDesc  = "Some indescribable horror."
  
  # Footer text
  # Each value will become a paragraph
  # Keep it as an array
  footerText = [ "Generated with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) using the [Color Your World](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world) theme." ]
  
  # Site cover, for Open Graph, Twitter Cards and Schema.org
  # It will be used if the current page doesn't have an image cover
  # File will be picked from the "assets" directory
  # Comment the lines if you don't want to use it
  cover     = "img/cover.jpg"
  coverAlt  = "A placeholder that doesn't deserve to be described."
  
  # Shows a message in the footer about JavaScript being disabled
  # The default is false
  hasNoscriptNotice = true
  
  # Default path for images in posts
  # ie.: "content/some-post/img"
  # Can also be set PER PAGE
  # It can be used to reduce repetition
  # There's no default value
  imgPath = "img"
  
  # Default classes for markup image 
  # Modifies the default behavior of images placed via markdown
  # Can also be set PER PAGE via front matter
  # Available classes are: border and borderless
  # There's no default value
  markupImgClass = "borderless"
  
  # This will append a separator (of your choice) along the site title to your <title>
  # ie.: | ❚ - – — • ⚫
  # You can disabled it PER PAGE by using "disableTitleSeparator" at front
  # matter or disable it entirely by commenting the line below
  titleSeparator = "|"
  
  [params.search]
  
    # Enable search form (at the post list)
    # The default value is false
    enable = true
  
    # Limit search results
    # The default value is 30
    maxResults = 15
    
    # Limit seach field input and pattern matching
    minLength = 2   # Default is 3
    maxLength = 42  # Default is 32
    
    # Optional placeholder for search field
    placeholder = "ie.: lorem ipsum"
    
    # Stop word filter list
    # Can also be set PER PAGE via front matter
    # There's no default value
    stopWords = [ "a", "an", "and", "in", "the", "to", "was", "were", "with" ]

  [params.style]
  
    # Disable the use of system settings (prefers-color-scheme)
    # Can be used as a workaround for Chrome on Linux
    # (Issue 998903: Dark Gtk theme does not affect prefers-color-scheme media query)
    # The default is false
    ignoreSystemSettings = true
  
    # Use an icon or text for footnote return links
    # The default is false
    hasIconAsFootnoteReturnLink = true
    
    # For the social shortcode
    # Use flexbox (with flex-grow) or grid (equal width)
    # The default is false
    socialIsFlex = true
    
    # Keep anchor links hidden until it's focused/hovered
    # They will always be visible in mobile devices, regardless the option
    # The default is false
    hideAnchors = true

    # CSS animation transition when changing colors
    # The default is ".5s ease"
    changeTransition = ".3s ease"
```

## Acknowledgements

* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Fork Awesome](https://forkaweso.me/) for the icons;
* [@nickpunt](https://gist.github.com/nickpunt) and [@regpaq](https://gist.github.com/regpaq) for the [dark/light mode switcher](https://gist.github.com/regpaq/04c67e8aceecbf0fd819945835412d1f) idea;
* Glenn McComb and [his article](https://glennmccomb.com/articles/how-to-build-custom-hugo-pagination/) about custom pagination with Hugo;
* JeffProd and [his article](https://en.jeffprod.com/blog/2018/build-your-own-Hugo-website-search-engine/) about building a custom search engine for Hugo;
* Many people [on this forked gist](https://gist.github.com/eddiewebb/735feb48f50f0ddd65ae5606a1cb41ae) for their takes on Fuse.js + Hugo;
* Philip Walton and [his sticky footer solution](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/sticky-footer/) with Flexbox;
* [Fuse.js](https://github.com/krisk/Fuse);
* [KaTeX](https://katex.org/);
* Hugo and [its community](https://discourse.gohugo.io/).

## Sponsoring

If this repo was useful or helpful to you in any way, please consider buying me a coffee:

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-red.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/rmaguiar)

Commit message:

Improve security and speed, remove example site and other changes
* Remove inline style and script tags (to allow strict CSP)
* Remove innerHTML from scripts (to allow strict CSP)
* Remove example site (exampleSite)
* Bump KaTeX from 0.12.0 to 0.13.11
* Make KaTeX auto-render extension configuration easier
* Change the default accent colors
* Update some showcase images
* Other minor changes

README.md, after:

# Color Your World

[![Hugo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugo-%5E0.73.0-ff4088?logo=hugo)](https://gohugo.io/)
[![License](https://badgen.net/badge/license/MIT/blue)](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Hugo Themes](https://badgen.net/badge/Hugo%20Themes/Color%20Your%20World?color=1dbc91)](https://themes.gohugo.io/hugo-theme-color-your-world/)
[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://badgen.net/badge/icon/buy%20me%20a%20coffee?icon=kofi&label&color=ff5e5b)](https://ko-fi.com/rmaguiar)

[Live demo (on Netlify)](https://color-your-world-demo.netlify.app)

**Color Your World** is a [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) theme developed around a single experiment that led me to this:

![HTML color picker with 12 presets.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/color-picker.png)

It's a HTML color picker. Along with some vanilla JS, it allows anyone to change what I'll be calling here... the **accent color**, a color used mostly in interactive elements.

I liked the result so much that I decided to use it on my main site, but I also want to share it, in case anyone wants to tinker with it.

It makes heavy use of [Hugo Pipes](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes) and I highly recommend using `--minify` when building!

I've been working on this theme for so long that there are features I don't even remember anymore... But here are *some*:

* Customizable light/dark mode;
* Customizable "accent color" (in an user-level);
* Keyboard-friendly;
* Privacy-aware to an extent (no Google Analytics/Fonts, Disqus, etc);
* Social shortcode including centralized and decentralized platforms;
* Contact form shortcode (via [Formspree](https://formspree.io/));
* Open Graph, Twitter Cards and Structured Data (schema.org) meta tags;
* Responsive images via image processing;
* Basic search functionality via [Fuse.js](https://github.com/krisk/Fuse);
* Image lazy loading;
* **noscript** capable to an extent (except for KaTeX and search functionality).


## Screenshots

![Theme screenshot in dark mode.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/screenshot.png)

![Theme screenshot in light mode.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/screenshot2.png)

## Requirements

* Hugo Extended
* Minimum version: 0.73.0

## Installation

If you have git installed, you can do the following at the CLI within the Hugo directory:

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world.git themes/color-your-world
```

For more information read the [Hugo official setup guide](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/).

## Customization

### Light/dark mode colors

Both color palettes can be found in `assets/scss/colors/variables.scss`.

### Accent color

By default, there are 2 accent colors plus 10 on the demo site, distributed into pairs.

You can change the default mode and accent colors in the config:

```toml
[params.style]

  # Dark mode as default
  # User preferences (site/system settings) will still have priority over it
  # The default is false
  isDark = true

  # Accent colors for light and dark mode respectively
  lightAccent  = "#225670" # Default is "#225670"
  darkAccent   = "#dd587c" # Default is "#dd587c"

  # More colors, pick as many as you want (not really sure if there's a limit)
  # Apparently these may not show up on every modern browser (ie.: Firefox)
  # There's no default value. Used here just as example
  presets = [ "#1f676b", "#f3a530", "#902b37", "#1dbc91", "#754e85", "#7fc121", "#a8314a", "#ff7433", "#3e6728", "#c063bd" ]
```

### Syntax highlighting

This theme comes with two chroma styles, meant to be used with light and dark mode respectively. These are **Solarized Dark** for light mode and **Monokai** for dark mode.

![Syntax highlighting in both dark and light modes.](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world/-/raw/master/images/syntax-highlight.gif)

It's worth noting that I'm not using the original stylesheets, but modified stylesheets based on the [pygments-high-contrast-stylesheets](https://github.com/mpchadwick/pygments-high-contrast-stylesheets) (aka "WCAG AA passing Pygments stylesheets").

In case you want to change it, it can be found in `assets/scss/colors/chroma` as `light.scss` and `dark.scss`.

The lines below are **required** in your config file to make use of this feature:

```toml
[markup.highlight]
  noClasses = false
```

To disable it, you can just remove the `noClasses = false` (as its default value is `true`) and add the lines below:

```toml
[params]
  [params.style]
    useCustomChroma = false
```

## Image processing

By default, images with width equal or greater than 1280 pixels are processed (resized) into 3 resolutions: 1280x, 960x and 640x (this one with quality at 90, as opposed to the default 75).

You can change this behavior via config:

```toml
[params.imageProc]
  highRes   = [ "1280x", "1280w" ]
  mediumRes = [ "960x", "960w" ]
  lowRes    = [ "640x q90", "640w" ]
  # entry = [ resize options, condition ]
  
  # Images with width equal or greater this value
  # will be processed into the 3 resolutions above
  # Valid only for images rendered via markdown
  # The default value is 1280
  markupAutoResizeWidth = 1280
```

The shortcodes `img` and `figure` will **always** process images and cover images will *also* process resolutions for Open Graph (1200x630) and Twitter (1280x640).

## Shortcodes

The most complex shortcodes here are the `social` and `contact-form`. They can be used to inject a list of social platform links and a contact form, respectively.

### Social

Here I make a distinction between centralized and decentralized platforms.

Since decentralized platforms introduced the concept of "instances". It's not uncommon that a single person owns multiple accounts, in multiple instances, in the same platform.

This distinction should make the setup easier.

Here's an example of config file:

```toml
[params.social.centralized]
  facebook      = [ "<username>", "Zuckerburg" ]
  flickr        = [ "<username>" ]
  github        = [ "<username>" ]
  gitlab        = [ "<username>" ]
  instagram     = [ "<username>" ]
  keybase       = [ "<username>" ]
  linkedin      = [ "<username>" ]
  medium        = [ "<username>" ]
  reddit        = [ "<username>" ]
  snapchat      = [ "<username>" ]
  soundcloud    = [ "<username>" ]
  stackOverflow = [ "<username>" ]
  strava        = [ "<username>" ]
  telegram      = [ "<username>" ]
  twitch        = [ "<username>" ]
  twitter       = [ "<username>", "@birb" ]
  vimeo         = [ "<username>" ]
  whatsapp      = [ "<number>" ]
  xing          = [ "<username>" ]
  youtube       = [ "<channelid>" ]
  #entry         = [ "username", "label (optional)" ]
  
  # The "entry" here IS important. It's used to load the data.

[params.social.decentralized]

  [params.social.decentralized.element]
    1 = [ "https://app.element.io/#/user/<username>:matrix.org", "matrix.org" ]
    #entry = [ "full url", "label (required)" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.funkwhale]
    1 = [ "https://open.audio/<username>", "open.audio" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.mastodon]
    1 = [ "https://mastodon.social/<username>", "mastodon.social" ]
    2 = [ "https://mastodon.too/<username>", "mastodon.too" ]
    3 = [ "https://yet.another.one/<username>", "yet.another.one" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.matrix]
    1 = [ "https://matrix.to/#/<username>:matrix.org", "matrix.org" ]
    2 = [ "https://matrix.to/#/<username>:other.org", "other.org" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.peertube]
    1 = [ "https://peertube.something/accounts/<username>", "peertube.something" ]
    
  [params.social.decentralized.pixelfed]
    1 = [ "https://pixelfed.social/<username>", "pixelfed.social" ]
    
  # The "entry" here ISN'T important. It's used for nothing.
```

This information will also be used to generate social meta tags (ie.: rel="me" and Schema.org).

### Contact form

```toml
# Contact form shortcode
[params.contact]

  # formspree.io Form ID
  formspreeFormId = "example"
  
  # Autocomplete [on/off] and min character length for message
  autoComplete      = false # Default is false
  messageMinLength  = 140   # Default is 140
  
  # Subject
  # You can set a single value below (and it will cease to be a dropdown),
  # BUT KEEP IT AS AN ARRAY
  # It can also be disabled entirely (and it will turn into a text field)
  subject = [ 'Just saying "hi"', "I know what you did last winter", "... Is that a sloth?", "お前はもう死んでいる。" ]

  # Text placeholders. As usual, comment the lines if you don't want use them
  # The "subject" below will only be used if the "subject" above doesn't exist (ie.: commented/deleted)
  [params.contact.placeholder]
    name    = "Jane Doe"
    email   = "janedoe@example.com"
    subject = 'Just saying "hi"'
    message = "Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla nullam quis risus."
```


## Miscellaneous

### Rich content

Minimal effort was put here, since I don't use this feature. I recommend that you create your own `assets/scss/rich-content.scss`.

### 404

A **really** basic 404 page can be generated via config file by using:

```toml
[params.notFound]
  title         = "Page not found"
  description   = "This page was not found."
  paragraph     = "Nothing to see here, buddy."
```

### Custom front matter params

* `mainTitle` (string): Can be used to replace the `<title>` meta tag, if you wish it to be different from the `<h1>` (which will still use the `title` param);
* `sitemapExclude` (true|false): Can be used to exclude a page/section from the sitemap;
* `noindex` (true|false): Similar to the above. Can be used to exclude a page/section from being indexed (by bots or your own site). It will change the meta tag `robots` to `noindex` and the page(s) will not be added to the site's search index.

### Custom partials

* The site title can be replaced by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/site-title.html`;
* Custom favicons can be used by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/head-append.html`;
* Custom CSS can be imported into the main CSS file by creating a file named `static/css/custom.css` or `assets/scss/custom.scss`;
* The `footerText` param can be replaced by creating a file named `layouts/partials/custom/footer-text.html`.

### More params

More possible params for your config file (or front matter):

```toml
# Used only in the RSS file
copyright = "Copyright © 2008–2021, Steve Francia and the Hugo Authors; All rights reserved."

[params]
  
  # Site description
  description = "John Doe's personal website"
  
  # Author
  author      = "John Doe"
  authorDesc  = "Some indescribable horror."
  
  # Footer text
  # Each value will become a paragraph
  # Keep it as an array
  footerText = [ "Generated with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) using the [Color Your World](https://gitlab.com/rmaguiar/hugo-theme-color-your-world) theme." ]
  
  # Site cover, for Open Graph, Twitter Cards and Schema.org
  # It will be used if the current page doesn't have an image cover
  # File will be picked from the "assets" directory
  # Comment the lines if you don't want to use it
  cover     = "img/cover.jpg"
  coverAlt  = "A placeholder that doesn't deserve to be described."
  
  # Shows a message in the footer about JavaScript being disabled
  # The default is false
  hasNoscriptNotice = true
  
  # Default path for images in posts
  # ie.: "content/some-post/img"
  # Can also be set PER PAGE
  # It can be used to reduce repetition
  # There's no default value
  imgPath = "img"
  
  # Default classes for markup image 
  # Modifies the default behavior of images placed via markdown
  # Can also be set PER PAGE via front matter
  # Available classes are: border and borderless
  # There's no default value
  markupImgClass = "borderless"
  
  # This will append a separator (of your choice) along the site title to your <title>
  # ie.: | ❚ - – — • ⚫
  # You can disabled it PER PAGE by using "disableTitleSeparator" at front
  # matter or disable it entirely by commenting the line below
  titleSeparator = "|"
  
  [params.search]
  
    # Enable search form (at the post list)
    # The default value is false
    enable = true
  
    # Limit search results
    # The default value is 30
    maxResults = 15
    
    # Limit seach field input and pattern matching
    minLength = 2   # Default is 3
    maxLength = 42  # Default is 32
    
    # Optional placeholder for search field
    placeholder = "ie.: lorem ipsum"
    
    # Stop word filter list
    # Can also be set PER PAGE via front matter
    # There's no default value
    stopWords = [ "a", "an", "and", "in", "the", "to", "was", "were", "with" ]

  [params.style]
  
    # Disable the use of system settings (prefers-color-scheme)
    # Can be used as a workaround for Chrome on Linux
    # (Issue 998903: Dark Gtk theme does not affect prefers-color-scheme media query)
    # The default is false
    ignoreSystemSettings = true
  
    # Use an icon or text for footnote return links
    # The default is false
    hasIconAsFootnoteReturnLink = true
    
    # For the social shortcode
    # Use flexbox (with flex-grow) or grid (equal width)
    # The default is false
    socialIsFlex = true
    
    # Keep anchor links hidden until it's focused/hovered
    # They will always be visible in mobile devices, regardless the option
    # The default is false
    hideAnchors = true

    # CSS animation transition when changing colors
    # The default is ".5s ease"
    changeTransition = ".3s ease"
```

## Acknowledgements

* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Fork Awesome](https://forkaweso.me/) for the icons;
* [@nickpunt](https://gist.github.com/nickpunt) and [@regpaq](https://gist.github.com/regpaq) for the [dark/light mode switcher](https://gist.github.com/regpaq/04c67e8aceecbf0fd819945835412d1f) idea;
* Glenn McComb and [his article](https://glennmccomb.com/articles/how-to-build-custom-hugo-pagination/) about custom pagination with Hugo;
* JeffProd and [his article](https://en.jeffprod.com/blog/2018/build-your-own-Hugo-website-search-engine/) about building a custom search engine for Hugo;
* Many people [on this forked gist](https://gist.github.com/eddiewebb/735feb48f50f0ddd65ae5606a1cb41ae) for their takes on Fuse.js + Hugo;
* Philip Walton and [his sticky footer solution](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/sticky-footer/) with Flexbox;
* [Fuse.js](https://github.com/krisk/Fuse);
* [KaTeX](https://katex.org/);
* Hugo and [its community](https://discourse.gohugo.io/).

## Sponsoring

If this repo was useful or helpful to you in any way, please consider buying me a coffee:

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/rmaguiar)
